Add info about measuring header's height (#601)
software-mansion/react-native-screens: native-stack/README.md

navigation.popToTop();
```

## Additional options

### Measuring header's height on iOS

> Using translucent header on iOS can result in the need of measuring your header's height. In order to do it, you can use `react-native-safe-area-context`. It can be measured like this:
> ```js
> import {useSafeArea} from 'react-native-safe-area-context';
> 
> ...
> 
> const statusBarInset = useSafeArea().top; // inset of the status bar
> const smallHeaderInset = statusBarInset + 44; // inset to use for a small header since it's frame is equal to 44 + the frame of status bar
> const largeHeaderInset = statusBarInset + 96; // inset to use for a large header since it's frame is equal to 96 + the frame of status bar
> ```
> 
> You can also see an example of using these values with a `ScrollView` here: https://snack.expo.io/@wolewicki/ios-header-height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using translucent header on iOS can result in the need of measuring your header's height. In order to do it, you can use `react-native-safe-area-context`. 
Inset of status bar can be measured by using `useSafeArea().top`, the small header has a height of 44 and the big header has a height of 96.

You can see an example of using these values with a `ScrollView` here: https://snack.expo.io/@wolewicki/ios-header-height.
```
